fix: rewrite, and make it work (#4)
webxdc/yjs_editor: README.md

# yjs_editor

> This tool uses yjs (A CRDT tool) to provide a WYSIWYG editor which can be used right out of [Delta Chat](https://delta.chat).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool uses yjs (A CRDT tool) to provide a WYSIWYG editor which can be used as a  [chat-shared app](https://webxdc.org) as supported by [Delta Chat](https://delta.chat) or [Cheogram](https://cheogram.com). 
```
